Improve info organization in README (#28)
OSOceanAcoustics/echopype-examples: README.md

This repository illustrates the functionalities of [echopype](https://echopype.readthedocs.io/en/stable/), an open-source Python library that enables interoperability and scalability of water column sonar data processing. 
The materials are presented as [Jupyter notebooks](https://realpython.com/jupyter-notebook-introduction/) (`.ipynb` files) in the [notebooks](https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype-examples/tree/main/notebooks) folder.
 
## View the notebook collection rendered as a JupyterBook
**Click [here](https://osoceanacoustics.github.io/echopype-examples/) to see the notebooks accurately rendered with a clean and convenient organization.**

## Run the notebooks in Binder
To actively explore and run the notebooks without downloading them or having to configure a Python environment locally, open them with [Binder](https://mybinder.org) either by clicking on the "launch binder" badge above to launch a sandbox copy or the "launch" icon (a rocket) on the upper right corner of each notebook in the JupyterBook. 

The typical Binder start time is about 3 minutes. Once Binder finishes spinning up, try running the first notebook. Below are a few things to bear in mind:

> - The [index.ipynb](https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype-examples/blob/main/notebooks/index.ipynb) notebook contains an index of the existing example notebooks with brief descriptions

Reviewer: I changed `index.ipynb` to a markdown file, `index.md`, but didn't update this link. I'm fixing that here.

```suggestion
- The [index.md](https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype-examples/blob/main/notebooks/index.md) file contains an index of the existing example notebooks with brief descriptions
```

Reviewer: I'll commit this suggestion myself, since it corrects a broken link.

> - Currently, some notebooks may fail to run to completion in Binder due to memory demands that exceed what is available on Binder

Reviewer: Has anyone tried running the notebooks in binder since we updated them to 0.6.3? I haven't. Do we know if any of the notebooks still fails on binder?

Author: Well, I am not sure, but I'm going to try right now :P

Author: I went directly to the OOI notebook and it actually failed at the step where there's a loop to convert each file and save to zarr. I don't think that was failing before. I wonder if this is related to the longer conversion time we're seeing with v0.6.3. Likely something for us to keep in mind and investigate once we get the computing functions in place.

Reviewer: Interesting. And yeah, that seems likely. We can continue to discuss this in https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype/issues/872

- When you are done, just close the browser tab and the sandbox will be removed

## Run the notebooks locally on your machine
To run the notebooks locally in your computer, clone this repository and create a conda environment using the conda environment file [environment.yml](https://github.com/OSOceanAcoustics/echopype-examples/blob/main/binder/environment.yml) found in the `binder` folder:

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml
```

## Set up a development environment to test the notebooks and build the JupyterBook locally

> To test the notebooks in a development environment, go through the following steps (note that you need to clone the `echopype` repository):

Reviewer: Re-reading this, I suggest we clarify what was meant by a "development environment":
```suggestion
To test the notebooks in an echopype development environment, go through the following steps (note that you need to clone the `echopype` repository):
```
